Link customers to TFE_PARALLELISM knowledge base rather than ask them to cut tickets (#176)
hashicorp/terraform-docs-common: website/docs/cloud-docs/workspaces/variables/index.mdx

You can use the `TFE_PARALLELISM` environment variable when your infrastructure providers produce errors on concurrent operations or use non-standard rate limiting. The `TFE_PARALLELISM` variable sets the  `-parallelism=<N>` flag for  `terraform plan` and `terraform apply`  ([more about `parallelism`](/terraform/internals/graph#walking-the-graph)). Valid values are between 1 and 256, inclusive, and the default is `10`. HCP Terraform agents do not support `TFE_PARALLELISM`, but you can specify flags as environment variables directly via [`TF_CLI_ARGS_name`](/terraform/cli/config/environment-variables#tf-cli-args). In these cases, use `TF_CLI_ARGS_plan="-parallelism=<N>"` or `TF_CLI_ARGS_apply="-parallelism=<N>"` instead.

> !> **Warning:** We recommend thorough understanding of [Terraform parallelism](https://support.hashicorp.com/hc/en-us/articles/10348130482451) prior to setting `TFE_PARALLELISM`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
!> **Warning:** We recommend reading and understanding [Terraform parallelism](https://support.hashicorp.com/hc/en-us/articles/10348130482451) prior to setting `TFE_PARALLELISM`. You can also contact HashiCorp support for direct advice. 
```
